README.md, before:

# Node.js Optimal Project Configuration Example
![Node.js CI](https://github.com/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration?branch=master) 
[![Code Style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://prettier.io/) 
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://conventionalcommits.org)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration)

This is a simple node.js project configuration with built-in good practices plugins to improve teamwork. It packs **Jest** for functional testing and test coverage (with **Coveralls** history) and it is using **ESLint** as linter with **Prettier** plugin for having consistent code. Also integrates **Snyk** to keep track and fix possible dependency vulnerability issues. It has an active **GitHub Actions** workflow for node.js testing and it follows **Conventional Commits** standard.

Commit message:

docs(readme): added information about Chalk logger

README.md, after:

# Node.js Optimal Project Configuration Example
![Node.js CI](https://github.com/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration/workflows/Node.js%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration?branch=master) 
[![Code Style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://prettier.io/) 
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://conventionalcommits.org)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/cesgarpas/optimal-nodejs-configuration)

This is a simple node.js project configuration with built-in good practices plugins to improve teamwork. It packs **Jest** for functional testing and test coverage (with **Coveralls** history) and it is using **ESLint** as linter with **Prettier** plugin for having consistent code. Also integrates **Snyk** to keep track and fix possible dependency vulnerability issues. It has an active **GitHub Actions** workflow for node.js testing and it follows **Conventional Commits** standard. I created a really simple logger with **Chalk** to better debugging when using the terminal and dumping the information into a file.
